Course Material Disclaimer

Important Disclaimer

This course material (“Course Material”) has been prepared by Episerver AB, Episerver Inc. and various other subsidiaries (“Episerver”) based on information available from them and third party sources. By retaining this Course Material, you (“the Recipient” or “You”) acknowledge and represent to Episerver that You have read, understood and accepted the terms of this Important Notice. If You do not accept these terms, You should immediately destroy or delete this Course Material. This Course Material does not purport to contain all the information that You or a third-party may require in any connection with any business with Episerver. You shall not use or rely on contents of this Course Material, or any information provided in connection with it, as product or service advice. No representation or warranty is made by Episerver or any of its advisers, agents or employees as to the accuracy, completeness or reasonableness of the information in this Course Material or provided in connection with it. No information contained in this Course Material or any other written or oral communication in connection with it is, or shall be relied upon as, a promise or representation and no representation or warranty is made as to the accuracy or attainability of any estimates, forecasts or projections set out in this Course Material. No liability will attach to Episerver, with respect to any such information, estimates, forecasts or projections.  All third-party trademarks used within the Course Material are acknowledged, and used for only reference purposes.

Episerver does not accept responsibility or liability for any loss or damage suffered or incurred by You or any other person or entity however caused (including, without limitation, negligence) relating in any way to this Course Material including, without limitation, the information contained in or provided in connection with it, any errors or omissions from it however caused (including without limitation, where caused by third parties), lack of accuracy, completeness, currency or reliability or You, or any other person or entity, placing any reliance on this Course Material, its accuracy, completeness, currency or reliability.  Any liability of Episerver (including advisers, agents and employees) to You or to any other person or entity arising out of this Course Material including any corresponding provision of any territory legislation, or any applicable law is, to the maximum extent permitted by law, expressly disclaimed and excluded.

You agree not to reproduce, print, re-transmit, copy, distribute, publish or sell any of the contents of this Course Material without the prior written consent of Episerver.  Reproduction of part or all of the contents of this Course Material in any form is expressly prohibited and may not be recopied and/or shared with a third party. The permission to recopy by an individual does not allow for incorporation of material or any part of it in any work or publication, whether in hard copy, electronic, or any other form. 

Copyright © 2019 Episerver. All rights reserved.